feat: type path support (`forc` flag `--json-abi-with-callpaths`) (#872)
FuelLabs/fuels-rs: docs/src/abigen/the-abigen-macro.md

> **Note:**
> It is **highly** encouraged that you generate all your bindings in one `abigen!` call. Doing it in this manner will allow type sharing and avoid name collisions you'd normally get when calling `abigen!` multiple times inside the same namespace. If you choose to proceed otherwise, keep in mind the generated code overview presented above and appropriately separate the `abigen!` calls into different modules to resolve the collision.

### Type paths
Normally when using types from libraries in your contract, script or predicate, they'll be generated directly under the main `mod` of your program bindings, i.e. a type in a contract binding `MyContract` imported from a library `some_library` would be generated under `abigen_bindings::my_contract_mod::SomeLibraryType`.

This can cause problems if you happen to have two types with the same name in different libraries of your program.

> This behavior can be changed to include the library path by compiling with:

Reviewer: Adding an explicit hint that "compiling" means the Sway code, not the Rust code.

```suggestion
This behavior can be changed to include the library path by compiling your Sway project with the following:
```

```
forc build --json-abi-with-callpaths
```

Now the type from the previous example will be generated under `abigen_bindings::my_contract_mod::some_library::SomeLibraryType`.

> This might only become relevant to you if your type doesn't get reexported. This can happen, as explained previously, if your type does not have a unique name across all bindings inside one `abigen!` call. You'll then need to fully qualify the access to it.

Reviewer: Some clarity nits

```suggestion
This might only become relevant if your type isn't reexported. This can happen, as explained previously if your type does not have a unique name across all bindings inside one `abigen!` call. You'll then need to fully qualify the access to it.
```

> This might only become relevant if your type isn't reexported. This can happen, as explained previously, if your type does not have a unique name across all bindings inside one `abigen!` call. You'll then need to fully qualify the access to it.

Author: @digorithm the part about reexporting with the full type path example just above.
